# Project-1-CIVE-202
Task #1: Set up code and relevant data
The first task of this project is to load and import the pandas package as pd as this ensures all functions are acquired before further data analysis. Loading the provided excel data file as a CSV is also necessary as well, as this provides better formatting for python to better interpret. Then, the dataset should be imported as a new data frame to give each data column a structure so the given data variables can be properly interpreted by Python. The CSV and raw data excel file will be provided at the end of the project.
Task #2: Use Python software to organize and analyze data to the client’s standards
The Python software will be utilized to filter this new dataset for analysis. The pandas package previously imported will be used to first find the top five Nebraska locations with the highest mean and median concentrations regarding specific air quality standards. Through this, with having lots of locations to filter from, only the top five locations will be showcased for each respective air quality standard through a table generated for each. Also, though this date occurrence for each value will be provided and analyzed for potential reasonings on why they occurred. Additionally, temperature and humidity data from these dates will be filtered into categorized and matched to their respective air quality values to provide insight on how they could relate to air quality. Tables will be created and provided with these values. Beyond this, Air Quality Index’s health risks will be related to our tables and when these risks occur, and potential reasonings why will be explored. As a deliverable, this will all be presented as a Python code file (.ipynb) along with an annotated code document. 
Task #3:
Upon completion of the analysis of the client’s requests, a written report will be completed summarizing the background of the project and a summary of the findings requested by the client. 
